WELCOME TO 2.0!

CSS3 has been rewritten from scratch using the awesome new sublime-syntax
system. Here are the improvements:

	CORRECTNESS
	- Squashed a bunch of annoying highlighting bugs. You know the ones.
	- Made another pass over all the W3C specs, so it's even more comprehensive
	  than before.
	- The new highlighter is, in general, way more likely to match text
	  correctly, but it hasn't been "prod tested", if you know what I mean.
	  Send me bug reports! (GitHub link at the bottom)

	FEATURES
	- Variables
	- HTML5 custom element selectors
	- A bunch of new stuff from the spec that no browser supports and no one's
	  ever heard of. @custom-media? @color-profile? I have no idea what these
	  do, but they're supported.
	- Unbalanced parentheses and curly braces are VERY noticeable.
	- Completions are less noisy and more up-to-date.

	PERFORMANCE
	- All the regexes have been written for Sublime's new custom regex engine,
	  which is crazy fast. Both the regexes AND the regex engine are hugely
	  faster. You will notice the difference when working with large CSS files.
	- Removed the W3C Validator. It slowed things down because it was listening
	  for an extremely common event (literally every keystroke). By itself, the
	  slowdown wasn't noticeable, but if you had lots of plugins listening for
	  the same event, it could become noticeable. I made the decision to remove
	  it since not everybody was using it. If you're sad about this, don't
	  worry! It will return as a separate package.

IMPORTANT

	1) Make sure you're running the latest version of Sublime Text 3 or it
	might not work.

	2) You should delete all the .sublime-settings files in your Packages/CSS3/
	directory. All those settings were for the validator, which is gone.

A PLEA FROM THE DEVELOPER

	400+ properties. 41 specs. CSS is frickin' huge! I know stuff gets by me.
	So please, if you notice some bad highlighting or incorrect completions,
	please take a moment to open an issue:

		https://github.com/y0ssar1an/CSS3/issues
